Remove build status from PR (#16902)
apache/beam: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

See the [Contributor Guide](https://beam.apache.org/contribute) for more tips on [how to make review process smoother](https://beam.apache.org/contribute/#make-reviewers-job-easier).

> To check the build health, please visit [https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/.test-infra/BUILD_STATUS.md](https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/.test-infra/validate-runner/README.md)

Reviewer: There is a typo in the link. We can also expand this:
```suggestion
If some tests don't pass on you PR, investigate the errors by clicking on `Details` link. To rule out errors external to your PR, check the [build health dashboard](https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/.test-infra/BUILD_STATUS.md). You can search https://s.apache.org/beam-flakes for known test flakes.
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/.test-infra/BUILD_STATUS.md isn't a valid link either.
